what is docker?
Docker is a platform allowing application running independently.With the usage of docker makes it easier to have consistency between testing, developing and 
production environment. Like libraries, server related configurations and infrastructure-related elements will be packaged.

what are the compnenets of docker architecture and explain?
It is a server-client architecture. There is docker daemon and the clients are the command line tool. Developer use CLI to call REST APIs exposed by the docker 
daemon. The entire system is controlled by APIs. So you can use CLT to manage components of docker daemon, such as images, container, networks and data volumns. 
The left thing is called docker registry. Docker hub is a public registry, a place to store docker images.

Docker objects:
images: are the read-only. And you can use an image to design a new docker container. Image can be pulled from docker hub and utilized. It can add extra steps to 
the last image and design a modified docker image. Yo can also write your own docker file to create your own docker container.
container: are created after running a docker image and you can call APIs to start a container, stop a container.
volumes: The present data executed by the docker is utilized by docker container and saved in volumes. It is better to utilize volumes for writing, so the volume's 
content is outside the container, so it doesn't affect the container's size and properties.
networkd: are communication passages between isolated docker containers.

Benefits of docker?
Reducing costs on a simple setting up;
Standardization and Productivity, because docker provides continuous development, deployment and testing to the servers in the production environment;
Compatibility and maintainability, more portable and easy to install and debug;
Faster configuration;
Rapid deployment;

There are articles that I referenced:
https://www.educba.com/docker-architecture/
https://www.educba.com/docker-interview-questions/
https://nickjanetakis.com/blog/understanding-how-the-docker-daemon-and-docker-cli-work-together